[Music]
you've run from foster homes in six
counties I can take care of myself when
you're 18 give these people a chance
because that's what they're giving you
[Music]
this is billy batson make sure you make
him feel at home they seem nice
but don't buy it it gets real
gameofthrones around here dude just mess
around you look at me and you're like
why so dark you're disabled foster kid
you've got it all if you could have one
superpower what would you think
everybody chooses flight you know why so
they can fly away from this conversation
no cos hero's flight well you need your
fake family to stand up for you hey man
sorry about that
Billy Batson
I choose you
I see a peon
hello
say my name so my powers may flow
through you but I don't know your name
sir
are you for real okay
Shazam you're the only person I know
that knows anything about this Cape
Crusader stuff tonight yeah that's crazy
right what are your superpowers super
powers dude I don't even know how to pee
in this thing the fly okay
why are you talking
you know I don't think that's gonna buff
out your bum stars your phone charge
help think like a bad guy right
you have full immunity
I'm Wolfram you're dead sorry about your
window you're welcome for not getting
robbed
oh hey stop I'm a superhero
[Music]
hominid trace is beautiful right it's
definitely not Boston oh here we go okay
so what do you think wow this whole
place is ours I even got him to throw in
a whole forest as a new backyard
[Music]
it was a myth kids used to dare each
other go into the woods at night they
knew the power of that place they feared
it those woods belong to something else
[Music]
around is bad god it may be just some
crazy folktale but there is something up
in those woods
something brings things back
sometimes dead is better
[Music]
and Atwater last night an electrical
fire destroyed East End Elementary
School mom are we gonna go to school now
I'm gonna find you something feel nice
the cool now go ahead back kids going to
temp school I oh come on
yeah um where we gonna be school
segregation once then fall better get
your ass down to City Hall tonight who's
next
they say you represent a great many
people in this town I'm holding the
committee meeting the council will vote
to either adopt or reject school
immigration I need to coach as human and
add water and that one I'm the president
of clamp he's about to hand you the keys
to school integration and you go Lock
this door would you look at that crazy
white man folks in this town want blacks
are staying down in school I'm here to
protect my family so all the better you
don't get in my world and well I'm gonna
get it no wait what are you trying to
understand each other for once and stop
talking for me I mean you ought to know
know what same God made you made me
sometimes there are necessary for the
greater good didn't have to do that
[Music]
as long as the CP Ellis's of the world
keep getting their way ain't nothing
gonna change she looked at me I got some
come on sir
why do you expect I'm talking about I'm
the president of the clam I'm supposed
to hate black folks now if I don't
believe that then I got a problem
now what we talking about it in post Oh
dad
[Music]
she's mine
maybe scum trash refuse that didn't fit
into the system
until someone had the bright idea
that recycling us to serve science the
arts are not in our favor but when my
work is accomplished when perfection
isn't she then what
highway I know I look like a witch
you're foxy and you know it this mission
came turner ashamed to some type of
glory I can't do this flying around them
you like to you
[Music]
the sensation moving backwards
even don't moving forwards getting
further from what's getting nearer
[Music]
there's nothing to fear everything's
great the laws of nature now pay for it
[Music]
there are moments in our lives that seem
to define us truth or dare
are you a virgin I dare you to make out
with hardened I'm done playing this game
but isn't it really about what lies
beyond those moments who are you doing I
think you owe me a dad so what's his
story
be careful hardness complicated why are
you dreaming about
[Music]
my life before him was so simple and now
there's just after
[Music]
while an island off the coast of
Scotland something was summoned from the
depths of hell
[Music]
something that would end mankind the
Serb thing he worried about to show up
oh yes
you did
we face every birth there is and yet you
take me in
hello son made me a weapon
where's my father
mr. noh plays in general out there
there's a fifth-century sorceress who
was opinion the curtain on London and
the world
great homework
[Music]
why do you fight for those who hates and
fear you
you are meant for this
to the ashes
okay I'd appreciate a prophecy with more
relatable stakes we've got to be saving
the world or something
come on get your face on
yeah koalas dude
[Music]
be my key
[Applause]
belong together here inside
we do but it's not gonna work you know
cuz I'm a Capricorn and you're not
[Music]
hello but I don't know when you're gonna
call so when would I sleep when I'm not
calling no it's not unreasonable at all
excuse me take it the boss lady's on a
warpath this morning I really think I
could help this company you just gave me
a chance just concentrate on being my
assistant where you always mean I got
big and I got rich so now we're gonna
check me boo I wish for my age and I
check you well I wish you were little I
told you watch it you want to bet
growing and you look up little that's
for white people cuz but people don't
have the time Child Protective Services
enrolled this child in school or
somebody is going to jail somebody do
you mean shorten everyone else you're a
child so you have to start acting like
kids get back to work
whose child is this walk around here a
tiny pink pantsuit babies all the world
I need you to cover for me in the office
I should really dress the part your body
convinced my clothes this squat this
Pilates that body looks like baby damn
Gymboree ass gossip about me by
damn girl lookin like cookie from Empire
there's a teacher I could tell that you
are a special young lady if I could get
really I feel like I get you to say feel
what I'm feeling no I'm not feeling that
at all don't don't look at me like that
just look look look the other way look
through it look the look up there
what is going on April think you're the
boss of me one more thing I dare you
you're too fast for that skirt okay see
I've been looking at you like a little
girl but you a grown-ass woman we have a
BMW situation black mama whooping your
kids mom you're my mum I offer you a
glimpse of a legendary creature lost in
time neither ate nor man but a giant
he's had many neighbors
actually I go by Susan Susan yeah Susan
that is a girl's name yes that's correct
it suits you I need someone who knows
the wild places of the world and you're
the world's greatest adventurer exactly
me I'm lonely I'm the last of my kind
but on the other side of the world they
talk of this creature the Yeti
I think these yetis are my cousins can
you take me there
I give you my word okay what is it what
your word it's a figure of speech sounds
good what is it well I'm on my way we
have a long way to go you'll need a map
Harvey Bravo thank you now to find the
place you belong you'll need to keep a
low profile
oh boy that is gonna let in an awful
draft so let me see if I understand do
you plan to travel around the world to
the home of the Yeti I know the secret
ways to the mountains you'll seek Gamow
whatever you do do not mention that
no chicken got it zip hmm greetings
venerable Gamu it is an honor what's
with the chicken it will not be easy but
we will find your place
[Music]
Shango ma we call it
what does it mean keep out we hate you
throw me out of the pits I think you
might be a little too heavy nonsense now
give it all you've got
oh it's hard to know whose fault that
was let's do it again
[Music]
why did you enter this competition I
think a lot of people like to sing you
can sing
but you're an inexperienced performer
with a Polish name entering a
competition that relies on the public
vote I've dreamed I would make it this
far
[Music]
sing from here
did you know he's doing he's not a real
manager or anything but he has a lot for
me we can do a lot more you can do this
pilot you can do this
sing from your heart I had a way
using it on my own we would like to
offer violet a contract but you have to
sign before the shower it's a no-go
that's the deal the dark is you are to
be
[Music]
why me your caterpillar wear a cocoon
maybe together we make a butterfly
well he ever even view
Walla
well you wake are you falling southward
shiverpool fantasy company or fireball
Chimayo job ato watching me harder
what remember her to watch okay
so what
[Music]
mr. cha
you
rise and shine breakfast is ready in ten
minutes and don't make me come back up
there this is our town
it's a close-knit community the kind of
place where everyone knows everyone hi
mister Hey how are you girls and we're
always there for each other nice sermon
custard well you guys have on for the
rest today
well dawn has a basketball game yeah I
see this guy OOP it up around here this
kid is so rich text your mom tomorrow
until I win and where to pick you up and
they were dry anything stupid we're
training for the Olympics sir Sydney
he's been underwater for more than 15
minutes it's gonna be a recovery little
rescue we've done everything medically
possible there's nothing more with you
do please God send their spirit there's
a muscle
[Music]
a fourteen-year-old st. Charles boy who
spent 15 minutes trapped underwater is
continuing to fight for his life
I don't believe John will survive the
night you don't know my son he is a
fighter so I need you to be the best for
John and you just let God do the rest
you are my pride and joy I can't wait to
see you because baskets and run up and
down again the Smith family asked for
one thing please pray for John in the
water that day I was ready to give up
but then I hear this voice is telling me
go back we there are nuts
or God's talking to you but I don't
believe in God I believe but maybe that
only goes so far something like this I'm
your pastor I'm supposed to walk
alongside you can for as long as it
takes
did you see the Facebook page go and buy
roll
Tommy I hope is gonna be okay
we're not gonna get through this alone
whatever you have for me Brian from time
you
Antarctica home to the deadly leopard
seal the mighty killer whale
and Steve a gentleman who stands out
from the crowd
he's looking for love he likes long
walks on the beach
fishing
[Applause]
and collecting rocks
[Music]
lucky for him
he's found his match
but when his other half leaves him alone
with the kids he discovers that being a
father is more than he bargained for
next Earth Day
Disneynature invites you to join an
extraordinary couple ah
fighting to raise a family in one of the
most unforgiving and stunning places on
earth
Disney nature's penguins birthday 2019
I'm very sorry about your loss I can't
even imagine how you must feel
your children betting which they are
safe now but had they heard her crying
and they feel the sting of reduce
they will
and she will come for them
I don't know
[Music]
[Applause]
the church works with people who
specialized in the situation's language
gets a lot you're gonna she coming she's
all right here facing an evil
no bells curse of Lana
[Music]
I saw you spying on me earlier No
see you tomorrow
[Music]
who moves out in the middle of the night
nothing strange about it she wanted to
leave how does that not make sense I
don't understand why and she didn't tell
me maybe she didn't like you maybe she
knows your port haven't paid your rent
some kind of code like secret message in
their apartments it means stay quiet our
world is filled with coats subliminal
messages from Silver Lake to the
Hollywood Hills Campania this be
connected to Sarah I know this girl
there's a message in the music can't
quite see it assume that this
information is what we're told it is
maybe there are people out there who are
more important than us we were powerful
communicating things in the world that
aren't meant for only them but not for
us yeah oh you think that's weird a
little
[Music]
welcome to purgatory good to be here
you're living in a carnival hoping to
win a prize what are you gonna win
under the
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a great pleasure to welcome you to
us
this is the first time since the war
that Lenin gods famous Kiev company I've
been seen in a West did you dance
tonight if I had danced you would
remember demand thank you is there any
chance we could all have dinner tonight
there's mathletes
[Music]
we told not to speak to foreigners not
to go out with them not to eat with them
don't you frightened miss chin-hua you
do you think you will one day go back to
Russia I feel I will never return to my
country mr. Hamilton you'd get the move
but what you say is cos a loser even
Buddha Jesus understands me Musa
watching there was opposition people
against me
the dream of a world that isn't this one
sashiman amidst a Telugu me
everyone must have a purpose in life I
have to show the world I have the best
whatever you do don't leave me if you
leave me I have finished my name is Ruth
Marie I want political asylum No
- commotion but the rich but the
campaign
[Music]
I want to be free
Gussie was like a thousand years ago I
fought my way out of that cave became
Iron Man we lost I loved you
analysts said no more surprises but I
was really hoping to pull off one last
one
the world has changed
none of us go by
what we can do it is our best and
sometimes the best we can do
sort of
[Applause]
[Music]
I saw all these people die
I can tell and everybody they should
move on
someday Alanis
[Music]
even if there's a small chance
we owe this
everyone is not in this room to try
[Music]
we will
whatever it takes
[Music]
heretics
whatever it takes
[Music]
I like this one
you